Query: document.body.innerText
Result:
Referrals
 
Client Info
 
Treats/Groups
 
My Account
 
User Info
 
BA/UA Testing
 
Accounting
 
Reports
 
Docs/Forms
 
Admin
 
 
Summit Wellness Center
contact us
Welcome melissa.turner
Working Office: Main
[ Logout ]
client search:  ˅
Powered by ReliaTrax
QuickNotes: Session Notes for "Melissa Turner" for the week of 5/17/2026
       
Clients:
Client Document

5/18

Carter, Marcus
BPS

Melissa Turner
change
Date:
Notes for the full week will be loaded.
Document Category:
Session Notes
Contract
Intake
Actions:
Print - Print notes for one or more clients
Copy - Copy from previous document
Release / Approve - Release or approve multiple documents
Phrase List
1048824 Carter, Marcus K
Treatment: 1001   Biopsychosocial (BPS)
Document: BPS

Session:   5/18/2026 9:00 AM  Duration: 60 minutes  change
BioPsychoSocial Exam
Summit Wellness Center

 
www.summitwellnesscenter.com
Date 5/18/2026
Start Time 9:00 AM  End Time 10:00 AM
Mode of Delivery: 12-Home H0001

Demographic Information

Client's Full Name Marcus J Carter Date of Birth:    9/14/1965 Age:    61
What is your primary language? English What race or ethnicity do you identify with? Black/African American,  
What is your gender identity? Male What is your sexual orientation? Heterosexual
Emergency Contact(s)
Sharon Whitaker - Friend
720-684-2917

Living Situation

Who referred you to services?
Tell me a bit about why you decided to our services?
Where are you currently living?
(Is this the same or different than their current location?)
With whom are you living?

Substance Use Information

 

 Check if NO history of substance use




Substance of choice (1):


Substance:  Alcohol
Age of first use:
In general, how much were you using?
How often were you using?
At any point of your use did you develop a tolerance? 
What was the method of use (smoking, injecting, nasal, etc.)?
What was the date of last use?
How many days in the last 30 days did you use?
What is your most recent pattern of use and how long has this pattern been occurring?
Did you notice any behavioral changes in yourself when using this substance?
What were the consequences to using this substance?
(Impacts on relationships/employment/health- physical or mental/legal problems)
Do you see your use of this substance as a problem?  Yes  No
Have you tried to quit using this substance in the past?  Yes  No
How long were you sober?


Substance of choice (2):


Substance:  Marijuana
Age of first use:
In general, how much were you using?
How often were you using?
At any point of your use did you develop a tolerance? 
What was the method of use (smoking, injecting, nasal, etc.)?
What was the date of last use?
How many days in the last 30 days did you use?
What is your most recent pattern of use and how long has this pattern been occurring?
Did you notice any behavioral changes in yourself when using this substance?
What were the consequences to using this substance?
(Impacts on relationships/employment/health- physical or mental/legal problems)
Do you see your use of this substance as a problem?  Yes  No
Have you tried to quit using this substance in the past?  Yes  No
How long were you sober?


Substance of choice (3):


Substance:  
Age of first use:
In general, how much were you using?
How often were you using?
At any point of your use did you develop a tolerance? 
What was the method of use (smoking, injecting, nasal, etc.)?
What was the date of last use?
How many days in the last 30 days did you use?
What is your most recent pattern of use and how long has this pattern been occurring?
Did you notice any behavioral changes in yourself when using this substance?
What were the consequences to using this substance?
(Impacts on relationships/employment/health- physical or mental/legal problems)
Do you see your use of this substance as a problem?  Yes  No
Have you tried to quit using this substance in the past?  Yes  No
How long were you sober?


Are there any other substances that you've used in the past? (Include any additional information about past substance use)





 

Tobacco Assessment




 Check if NO history of Tobacco use


Do you smoke Cigarettes, cigars, use chewing tobacco, or vape? Yes  No
If vape, does it contain nicotine? Yes  No
How much do you use and how often?
Do you consider this to be a problem? Yes  No
Are you wanting to quit now? Yes  No
Have you tried to quit in the past?)


 

Withdrawal History




 Check if NO history of Withdrawl


Have you ever experienced withdrawal? Yes  No
What symptoms did you experience?
Have you ever had a seizure due to withdrawal? Yes  No
How long did your symptoms last?
How long after your last use did these symptoms begin?
How did you manage your withdrawal symptoms (detox, medication, etc.)?


 

Previous Substance Use Treatment



Facility Date Type Completed Duration
Stout Street clinic 03/10/2026 no 2

How many times have you detoxed?
Total number of inpatient/residential treatments
Total number of outpatient treatment episodes
Do you have experience with 12-step programs or other support groups? Yes  No
Have you ever had a sponsor or a mentor? Yes  No
What was that experience like for you?

Mental Health

 

 Check if NO history of Mental Health


Have you ever been given a mental health diagnosis? Is yes, state diagnosis.
How old were you when you were diagnosed?
Who were you diagnosed by (name, clinic, or type of professional)?
Do you agree with this diagnosis? Yes  No
Were you using any substances at the time of your diagnosis?
If yes, do you believe your use impacted your diagnosis?


 

Mental Health Treatment


Do you have any history of psychiatric hospitalizations?
hospitalizations? (Include: Dates, completion status, and client's feelings about the effectiveness of treatment; Be as specific as possible - at least three examples, as applicable) Yes  No
Are you currently working with a psychiatrist? Yes  No
Are you currently working with an outpatient or intensive outpatient therapist? Yes  No
Please provide name and contact information for any mental health professionals you are currently working with.



 I am not interested in receiving any resources or referrals




 

Symptoms, Suicide, and Self-Harm Assessment


What current mental health symptoms are you experiencing, if any? (Frequency, duration, intensity)

Do you ever see or hear things that other people don't? Yes  No
Have you ever received treatment or been in need of treatment for an eating disorder or disordered eating?
Are you currently experiencing suicidal thoughts or ideations? Yes  No

Do you have a plan to end your life?
Yes  No

Do you have means or a plan to obtain means to enact this plan?
Yes  No
Do you have a history of suicidal ideations? Yes  No

What was going on in your life when these thoughts have been especially difficult?


When did these thoughts occur (dates) and when did they occur most recently?


Can you describe the thoughts you experienced?

Do you have a history of suicide attempts? Yes  No

How many attempts have you had in your lifetime?


When did this attempt/these attempts occur (years/dates)? In what way(s) did you attempt suicide in the past?


Were you under the influence of drugs or alcohol at the time of the attempt(s)?


How do you feel about your past attempt(s) now?


What are the parts of your life that keep you from attempting suicide?


Is there anything that would push you towards a suicide attempt in the future?

Have you ever cut, burned, or intentionally harmed yourself without the intent of ending your life?
(Self-harm/Non-suicidal self-injury) Yes  No

When did you engage in this behavior (and when was the most recent time)?


In what ways did you engage in self-harm?


How do you feel about past self-harming now?


Do you have access to means to engage in self-harm?

Is the client at risk for harming themselves? Yes  No

Why or why not?



 

Trauma & Grief


Have you ever experienced or witnessed any trauma in your life? Yes  No

How do those experiences impact your life now?


Are you interested in receiving any treatment regarding these experiences, if you have not already?


Are you currently experiencing any grief or loss?


If so, what are you currently grieving?



 

Violence Assessment


Do you have a history of violent behavior? Yes  No
Do you currently have thoughts of hurting others? Yes  No
Have you ever been the perpetrator of domestic abuse or domestic violence? Yes  No
Is the client a current risk for violence? Yes  No
Why or why not?

Legal History

 
Offense Type Offenses Details
Drug Offenses 1 1997

How many times throughout your life have you been arrested, if at all?
Have you ever been convicted of a sex crime?
What were the results of the arrest(s)? (E.g. jail time, probation, classes, etc.)
Do you have any current warrants? Yes  No
Are you currently on probation/parole? Yes  No

Family History

 
Mother
Is your mother still living? Yes  No

If deceased: When did she pass and what was the reason for her passing?

What is/was your relationship like with your mother? Are you in contact with her?
Does/did your mother have any history of medical conditions?
Does/did your mother have any history of mental health difficulties?
Does/did your mother have any history of substance abuse?
Father
Is your father still living? Yes  No

If deceased: When did he pass and what was the reason for his passing?

What is/was your relationship like with your father? Are you in contact with him?
Does/did your father have any history of medical conditions?
Does/did your father have any history of mental health difficulties?
Does/did your father have any history of substance abuse?
Siblings
Do you have any siblings Yes  No


Overall, how would you describe your experience growing up?





 

Spiritual


Are you affiliated with any religion?
If yes, would you consider yourself to be active in your religion?


 

Cultural


Can you describe the culture or values that you were raised with?

What socioeconomic status did your family belong to when you were growing up (lower, middle, upper class)?


Medical History

 
Are you currently experiencing any physical health problems? (Note if terminal illnesses are present)
Do you have any pain issues? Yes  No

Where do you experience pain?


When did your pain begin?


What helps your pain?


How does your pain impact your functioning?


Have you ever used opiates for pain?


If so, were these opiates prescribed?


Did you ever abuse opiates?


Do you have a primary care physician or a primary doctor?


If so, what clinic do you go through?


if they are in private practice, what is your doctor's name?

Riverside Community Clinic 4125557842
When was the last time you saw a physician and had a full physical?

Has it been more than one year?
(If yes, offer to provide a referral to primary care and ask when they plan to receive services)
Yes  No
Do you have any allergies? Yes  No
None
What occurs when you have an allergic reaction?
Do you have or need an epinephrine pen?
Do you. have any dental problems? Yes  No
When do you plan to see a dentist next?

Medications

 
 
Medication #1                                                                       Name:
What is the dosage and frequency of use?
Are you experiencing any side effects? (If so, indicate what)
Are you currently taking this medication? Yes  No
Have you ever mixed this medication with alcohol or other drugs? Yes  No
 
Medication #2                                                                      Name:
What is the dosage and frequency of use?
Are you experiencing any side effects? (If so, indicate what)
Are you currently taking this medication? Yes  No
Have you ever mixed this medication with alcohol or other drugs? Yes  No
 
Medication #3                                                                       Name:
What is the dosage and frequency of use?
Are you experiencing any side effects? (If so, indicate what)
Are you currently taking this medication? Yes  No
Have you ever mixed this medication with alcohol or other drugs? Yes  No
 

Sexual History and Risk Assessment

 
Do you practice safe sex? Yes    No  Sometimes
How many partners have you had in the last year?
Do you have any history of blackouts prior to sex? Yes     No
Have you ever paid or been paid for sex? Yes (Paid)      Yes (Been Paid)       Never
Has your use of drugs or alcohol impacted your sex life? If so, how?
Have you been tested for STD's, Hepatitis C, and HIV? Yes     No
If NO, would you like resources for sexual health testing? Yes     No
Additional notes (as needed):

Vocational

 

Employment (Past & Present)


Are you currently working?  
Are you looking for work? Yes     No
When did you start working there?
What is your hourly wage or annual income?
Are you full time or part time?
How many persons are living on your income?
How would you describe the current state of your finances?
Have you ever been in trouble at work due to your substance use? If so, what happened?


Educational History


What is the highest level of education you've completed? Some College
Did you like school when you were younger?
Do you have any diagnosed learning disabilities?
Were you involved in any clubs or sports when you were younger?
Did your use of drugs or alcohol ever interfere with school?


Military


None
Were you on active duty?
Were you deployed?
What is the highest rank you achieved?
What is your discharge status?
Did your use of substances interfere with your time in the military?

Current

 

Marital Status and Living Environment


Are you married, single, divorced or widowed? Never Married
If in a relationship or married: How long have you been married/in a relationship?
How would you describe the relationship?
Has your use of substances impacted your relationship with your partner?
Does your partner use substances?
Are there any substances in your partner's living space?
How many children do you have, if any?  

 

Where are they currently living?
Is there current involvement with child protective services?
(If so take note of case worker's name and phone number)
Any other relevant information about CPS case):
Who are the people who support you in your recovery?


Hobbies & Activities


What do you like to do for fun?

Has your use of substances impacted your engagement in those activities? Yes     No


Additional Addiction Questions (Gambling & Technology)


Do you have any concerns around your gambling behaviors? If so, what concerns do you have?

Do you have any concerns around spending habits or patterns of impulsive spending? If so, what concerns do you have?

Do you have any concerns about your use of technology? If so, what concerns do you have?



Strengths & Challenges


What is a personal challenge you have right now?

What are some of your personal strengths?


 

**Clinician schedule service plan**  

 

END OF CLINICAL INTERVIEW -
CLINICIAN COMPLETES THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS AFTER THE ASSESSMENT HAS ENDED

 

last saved: 5/18/2026 11:10:59 AM by Melissa.Turner
Mental Health Status Exam
Case Management Assessment
Diagnostics/Clinical Impressions
Client Information, Previous Notes, and Reports:
All
General Note
Client Information
Name: Carter, Marcus K ML: 1048824
Balance: $0.00
Insurer: FrontRange Health
Supervisors
Overall Attendance / Recent Activity (3/20/2026 - 5/19/2026)
Biopsychosocial (BPS) (one time) Attnd: 1 / 1 Ex: 0 NS: 0
5/18/2026

SUD Treatment Plan (one time) Attnd: 0 Ex: 0 NS: 0
No activity
Individual Life Skills (H2014) (one time) Attnd: 0 Ex: 0 NS: 0
No activity
Life Skills Group Session (H2014) (one time) Attnd: 0 Ex: 0 NS: 0
No activity
Stress Management (one time) Attnd: 0 Ex: 0 NS: 0
No activity
Comm/Work Reintegration (one time) Attnd: 0 Ex: 0 NS: 0
No activity
Education and Prevention Group (one time) Attnd: 0 Ex: 0 NS: 0
No activity
